it's time to look at one of the
most important brain functions
of all memory
of course to get to our next
location will need directions
so let's play a direction game
here's a simple memory test
pay attention to the directions
we give you between the British
Museum and Buckingham Palace
there are multiple routes but
remember the specific route we
point out
we're going to ask you about it
later here we go from the museum
and make a left onto bloomsbury
way
hang a right at kingsway make a
left on Aldwych make a right
onto the strand now at the
roundabout in Trafalgar Square
take the 3rd exit straight
through on to the mall and at
the end of the mall
that's Buckingham Palace
straight ahead ok let's see if
you were paying attention
do you turn left or right onto
bloomsbury way
if you said left you are correct
do you turn right or left onto
kingsway if you said right
you are correct what street
after King's way do you turn on
you said Aldwych you are correct
after all the witch what's the
roadway you turn right on
if you said the Strand you are
correct and finally at the
roundabout which exit do you
take if you said the third exit
you are correct did you get them
all right
that's great you probably have a
really good memory did you get
most of those wrong
if so don't feel bad it takes
London cab drivers years before
they are able to remember those
directions